[Music]
Check out this Instagram story from
Rocío Flores the other day.  He says, "
Time puts everyone in their place. I've
seen
many things over the years. One by one they spit
upwards and it's fallen on them and on top of that by
far, all for money, end. I
got a bit worked up the other day with
this one with this encrypted message. Mm I
can't, I can't connect 100%, I
mean, without a doubt, who it's for. I
can't connect 100% who it's for,
because everyone is
relating it to Olga. But, conga
why? Because she's working at Tele5. I don't
see much support for that. No, I don't
see much support for him going after
Olga, honestly. The Camposes and the Suesco
nor Kiko. It's just, you see, time puts
everyone in their place. I understand that
this first sentence has a
negative connotation, right? I mean, it's something similar to
karma, right? You reap what you sow.
It's something like you had before, you had
before  A good place, and now you're in a
bad place, right? I mean, I wouldn't put this
if it were something positive. Time puts
everyone in their place when referring to
someone who's doing well,
right?  Because you don't make a hint for that
, you celebrate it, right?  If you're
happy about someone, about something good that
someone does, you just celebrate it,
right?  And then he says, "I've seen
many things over the years. One by
one, they spit upwards and it
fell on them and on top of that, even more so. Here it's
confirmed that this has a
negative tinge. Spitting upwards. It's that
spitting upwards, of course, it's that
everyone is relating this to
Olga, but Olga, why has
Olga spit upwards? I mean,
they're simply associating Olga
with this because she puts everything down for
money, end. And people say, "Oh, it's because she
works at Tele5." And at Tele5 she's
working for money. You know? Because
people are a little stupid in that
sense, aren't they? They don't understand that people
have to work and have to keep
paying for things and their lives and so on. He's
not going after Sofía Sucun when she told him
about her mother and now she's abandoned
her mother. Yes, yes, but come on, eh,
why does he put it indirectly? Why doesn't he
put it directly? I don't think the Sofía Sucun thing fits well with me,
What
you're saying about the Campos, right? Because
I don't really see the Campos as a big deal either. I don't
see the Campos as a big deal, do I?
Because in any case, what is happening with
the fields?  That they are having a
problem.  Who who is having a
field problem between them?  A
little thing like that happened with the son
who has already done the fields. No, it doesn't match at
all with the fields.  Where it fits most is
with Sofía Sucum.  Where you are closest to
Sofía Sucum.  Because?  Well, because Sofía
Sucum had to tell
her mother to go [ __ ] herself, okay?  And that shows
that a mother is not always
100% good.  Mothers
can make mistakes too.  What's up,
Pablo?  First time your thumbnailer
puts a picture of me that is halfway good.
He has bribed someone on my behalf.   I
don't know what photo Pablo posted.  Yesterday he
put one up and I told him to change it
because it seemed like he had put you as
if you were the guest of the night,
or rather, and I told him to
put the video screens like that, I don't know
which one he put up, but well, based, right?
Based on the miniature, right?  By Olga,
no way, right?  It seems to me that
the person who fits best is Sofía
Sucun, because of the issue she's having with her
mother.  In addition, Antonio Havía
was hitting on Kiko Jiménez that night.   It's just
that the one thing that fits the most is the
mother thing, right?  Because there was a
click that is devastating.  There was a click
that was completely devastating.  Let's see if I
can find it here really quickly.   I have
n't looked for it before because I haven't
thought about Sofia.  Well,
everyone's making headlines about Olga,
Olga, Olga, and of course, eh, no,
of course, it's this, man.  Look over here, over
here he put it for I don't know.
You
miss her.  A mother is a mother, I say,
eh, I don't know.  There are mothers and mothers
too.  It's true.  Well, it's true that
a mother is a mother, a daughter is a
daughter, a mother is a mother, but not so
much anymore.
And it's not easy because in the end, what do I
tell you?
What do I tell you?  What do I tell you, Sofia?  Say it.
Hey, Sofia, ah, it's not me,
so I don't know if I can say it.  Sofia
sent a message to a friend of mine saying
that she watched our programs, but not
about this topic, about other topics.  He
sent him a message from the stick.  Hey,
you're not doing live today.  It's been a while, huh?  I don't know
if you still see him, but it's been a while,
huh?  Watch out, eh.  You never know who's
watching you.  I am not one to judge a
mother.  I would never do it.  Not even to a
daughter.
Nowadays, you can't judge a mother or
a daughter by how she behaves towards her
mother.  As for me, on the subject of the mother, I
personally, you know who I agree with
on the subject of them.  Mm, I
personally
empathize more with Kiko Jiménez, I
mean, I empathize with Sofía too in the
sense that I understand her position, which
must be complicated in the middle, but
Kiko Jiménez, I
perfectly understand that you can't stand your
mother-in-law, and even more so a mother-in-law who, well, he
used to connect very well with his mother-in-law,
right?  But she's a mother-in-law who messes things up for you.
She's a mother-in-law who's causing trouble.
Friday Glory.  What Glory?  Gloria Camila.  I don't
think so, no.  Gloria Camila from Friday.  God
gives everyone what they deserve.  No, this
is what Rocío Flores says fits perfectly
because you've been spitting
upwards.  We all live our stories
in our own way.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
And this is her fighting over the plate
with Rocío Flores, eh, playing along, playing
along.  Rocío Carrasco,
well look what she said.  You act like a
mother's defender when you have her
abandoned there and you don't want to know anything about
it.  That's what bothers me,
because I spend two days without my mother and
I feel even bad.  Okay, but don't go
to Santa Rocío so much.
That's why 100%, right?  This is why 100%.
This is why 100%.  The thing is, it
's true that he says everything for money.  The end.
Hey, you know what I'm saying.  I mean, it
's not about money.  It's not about money.  It's
because she's a little special, right?
The Galdeano.  Well, about Jessica.
Well, I haven't commented on it.  Eva, don't
ask me Eva, hey, you
don't mention Jessica, well, I think it's a big topic.
Well, it hasn't really caught my attention, to be
honest.  Do you see it as a theme?  Well, it has
n't caught my attention enough
to comment on it because I don't think it will get
many visits, to be honest.  I don't consider them to
be characters that, you know?  I don't
think they are characters that
people are very interested in.  I know,
I know, I know.  Russel, a message I posted
the other day on social media, which is,
oh, don't tell me Russell, what would I do without
you?  Seriously, what would I do without
you guys?  So, he has clarified it.   I
honestly thought that at this point
in life it wouldn't be necessary.  I'm going to
explain the message I posted the other day
on social media. I honestly
thought it wasn't necessary at this point in my life
because I thought it was
pretty obvious, but anyway, since I have
zero problems, I'll explain it.  Of course,
that's what I said.  That's right, that's right, that's
right, that's right, I said that.  Mm.  Because?
And why do you put it indirectly?
Why don't you just put it there?  And it is no longer being
said that the message I posted
could be for Olga first.  Of course,
things are very much about whether you
say nothing or you say it well.  Because?
Because you give rise to speculation.
Everyone was putting their money on Olga's behalf and I
was like, "Well, for Olga, well, I don't
know, it eludes me, it eludes me
why. I don't have any kind of
problem with anyone in my
circle. Olga is part of my circle,
so zero problems with Olga. And
two, among many other people, two of
them who have spent all
these years harassing me, criticizing me,
doing exclusives, speaking badly of me,
etc., are Carmen Borrego, who
ended up sitting on a
television set. Carmen Borrego gave
Rocío Flores too much stick. Look, I
understand that she was positioned with
Rocío Carrasco, but as much as a stick,
as much as a lot of stick in the same
tone as Suescu, no, it didn't sound right to
me. To uh do therapy with her
son for money. And two, Sofía Suescu,
another of the people who during all
these years have dedicated themselves to talking about
me the most, has also sat
on a television set to talk about her
situation with her  mother for money.  End
of the controversy.  Hey, I'm going to put it
on Twitter too because I posted the tweet.
The message was for Carmen Borrego and
Sofía Sucun.  Hey, I always doubt its scum
because sometimes I see it written with an
m at the end or with an N. Its is.  With N it makes
more sense.  His scum.  The message goes out
to Carmen Borrego and
Sofía Sucum.
[Music]